o economic developments in Australia.
Members considered the revised central forecasts produced by Bank staff. They observed that the forecasts
						were for inflation to decline to the top of the target range only in late 2025, a bit later than had been
						envisaged in August. Members also noted that the unemployment rate was still expected to increase, but by
						less than thought in August.
Members considered the implications for monetary policy of developments in financial conditions. They
						noted that the cash rate remained below policy rates in many other countries, despite similar economic
						conditions, although various factors might account for this difference. The rise in longer term bond
						yields over preceding months had fewer implications for Australia than in some other countries, and the
						exchange rate was little changed on a trade-weighted basis. Members also noted that the staff’s
						broader estimates of required household debt repayments (as a share of disposable income) implied that
						the debt repayment burden was not as high as it had been 15 years earlier. More generally, members
						noted that fixed-rate borrowers were tending to roll onto (more expensive) variable-rate loans without a
						noticeable adverse effect on their ability to service their loans. At the same time, housing prices were
						continuing to rise and loan approvals had increased over prior months, both of which might indicate that
						financial conditions are not especially restrictive.
In light of these observations, members considered whether to raise the cash rate target by a further
						25 basis points or to hold the cash rate steady.
The case to raise the cash rate target by a further 25 basis points centred on the risks arising from
						the outlook for inflation being stronger than it had been some months earlier. Members noted that
						underlying inflation in the September quarter had been higher than previously expected, infl