ationary
						pressures were evident across a broad range of consumer items, and inflation was most apparent in items
						for which inflation typically took longer to subside (such as services). Collectively, these observations
						implied that it would take some time for inflation to return to target.
Members also noted that the greater-than-expected resilience of domestic demand over preceding months had
						implications for the inflation outlook. In particular, the staff’s forecasts for a more modest
						slowing in output growth, and for the unemployment rate to be lower over the forecast profile than
						previously assumed, implied that overall demand would remain higher for a significant period. As a
						result, it would take longer to bring aggregate demand and supply into balance than previously expected.
						Members observed that the forecasts were predicated on there being an additional one to two increases in
						the cash rate over coming quarters and an assumption that productivity growth would recover over the year
						ahead. Moreover, members noted that lowering inflation from its current level would require growth in
						aggregate demand to remain subdued; this was unlike the disinflation achieved to date, which had occurred
						largely because of fading supply shocks. As a result, it was expected to take longer to return inflation
						to target than it had taken so far to reduce inflation from its peak.
Members also observed that, while longer term inflation expectations remained broadly anchored, there had
						been signs of a slight upward drift in some financial market measures of inflation expectations. If
						sustained, this would contribute to higher inflation. Furthermore, members noted growing signs of a
						mindset among businesses that any cost increases could be passed onto consumers. In this environment,
						members assessed that tightening monetary policy at this meeting would help to mitigate the risk of a