t rate being more gradual than had previously been
						expected. The unemployment rate was anticipated to stabilise around 4¼ per cent from late 2024,
						with employment growing but at a more moderate pace.
Despite the ongoing tightness in the labour market, the outlook for wages growth had been revised a little
						lower in the near term based on the signal from timely indicators. Liaison with firms suggested that
						there had been a moderation in wages growth in some jobs and industries, such as business services and
						construction, where wages growth had been especially strong in the preceding year. However, growth in
						unit labour costs, which incorporated weak productivity outcomes over preceding years, remained very
						high. Members noted that the forecasts assumed that productivity growth would pick up, such that growth
						in unit labour costs eased to a rate consistent with the inflation target.
Members considered the annual review of the Bank’s forecasts. Headline inflation and the unemployment
						rate had been broadly in line with the forecasts a year earlier. On the other hand, underlying inflation
						had been higher than anticipated, reflecting the persistence of broad-based domestic cost pressures in an
						environment of still-robust levels of aggregate demand. Members discussed the relative importance of
						headline and underlying inflation for future inflation, noting that both measures contain relevant
						information.
Over the prior year, there had been offsetting misses within the outlook for GDP growth. Growth in
						consumption had turned out weaker than had been expected and capacity constraints had persisted in some
						industries, particularly construction. However, population growth had turned out substantially higher
						than had been assumed, as the return of students and international visitors had occurred faster than had
						been expected, which had added strongly to spending. Members noted th