o consumption (though possibly
						less than in the past given the low rates of housing turnover and credit growth).
Spending in the economy had been supported by the rebound in international student and tourist arrivals
						(whose spending is recorded as services exports in the national accounts). This was supporting demand for
						consumer-facing firms, partly offsetting the decline in spending by residents. A recovery in residential
						investment was also expected further out, supported by strong population growth, the continuing recovery
						in housing prices and shortening construction times.
The outlook for non-mining business investment remained favourable, given a high level of capacity
						utilisation, strong population growth and an easing in supply constraints. Both business investment and
						public demand had contributed to the resilience in demand in the first half of 2023, which was expected
						to continue. Investment was expected to be supported by the large pipeline of private and public
						projects, particularly in infrastructure construction and projects related to the transition to renewable
						energy sources.
Members noted that the labour market had been resilient in 2023, though there had been signs of gradual
						easing in a range of measures. Employment growth had slowed to around the rate of population growth, such
						that the employment-to-population ratio had remained around its multi-decade high. Hours worked had been
						a key margin of adjustment for firms. Average hours worked had declined over preceding months and most of
						the employment growth during that period had been in part-time work. As a result, the underemployment
						rate had picked up a little more than the unemployment rate; however, both remained very low, consistent
						with labour market conditions remaining tight. The stronger outlook for economic activity over the year
						ahead resulted in the forecast rise in the unemploymen