r. Chinese authorities had taken measures to stabilise the property
						market, in addition to fiscal and monetary policy measures to support the recovery more broadly. The
						renminbi had stabilised around multi-decade lows.
The Australian dollar had appreciated a little on a trade-weighted basis and against the US dollar
						since the October meeting. This had been underpinned by increases in Australian government bond yields
						relative to other advanced economies and higher commodity prices.
Domestic financial markets
Members noted that financial conditions in Australia were restrictive. The average outstanding variable
						home loan rate had increased by around 330 basis points over the monetary tightening phase. This was
						less than the 400 basis point increase in the cash rate because of competition for customers among
						banks, although there were signs that this competition was easing at the margin. Housing loan commitments
						had increased in preceding months to be 9 per cent above the low point in February 2023.
						Nonetheless, housing loan commitments remained almost 30 per cent below their peak in January
						2022, consistent with the effect of higher interest rates on maximum borrowing capacity.
Households’ required mortgage payments had increased further over the September quarter to around
						10 per cent of household disposable income. While this remained a little above the previous
						estimated historical peak for mortgage payments, households’ overall debt-servicing costs were
						estimated to be lower than the previous peak as households had substantially reduced their stock of
						personal debt over the preceding 15 years. Required mortgage payments were expected to rise further
						as borrowers with fixed-rate loans roll off onto higher rates. Meanwhile, there was a rise in extra
						payments into offset and redraw accounts in the September quarter, and the share of borrowers drawing
						down these bala