n
						unwelcome rise in inflation expectations. A scenario prepared by the staff illustrated that even a modest
						further increase in inflation expectations would make it significantly more challenging and costly to
						return inflation back to target within a reasonable timeframe.
Collectively, these observations underpinned the case to raise the cash rate target at this meeting to
						mitigate the risk that progress in returning inflation to target is further delayed.
The case to hold the cash rate constant at this meeting was premised on the argument that inflation was
						continuing to decline in year-ended terms, the economy was slowing, and the geopolitical and economic
						outlook was highly uncertain. In that environment, there was a case to wait for additional information
						before determining whether a further adjustment to the cash rate was required. Members noted that an
						escalation of tensions in the Middle East would be likely to dampen consumer confidence and global demand
						(though it could also lead to higher inflation expectations and the impact on economic activity in
						Australia was less clear). In addition, members observed that the surge in population growth in Australia
						over the prior year was making it more challenging to assess the underlying resilience of the economy.
						Given these uncertainties, and the acknowledgement that inflation expectations remained broadly anchored,
						there was a credible case that a somewhat slower return of inflation to target did not warrant a policy
						response at this meeting.
After weighing up these two options, members agreed that the case to raise the cash rate target at this
						meeting was the stronger one. Members noted that the risk of not achieving the Board’s inflation
						target by the end of 2025 had increased and that it was appropriate that monetary policy should be
						adjusted to mitigate this. They observed that delaying such an adjustment wou