ing Head, Domestic Markets Department)
International economic developments
Members commenced their discussion of international economic developments by observing that high inflation
						remained the primary concern for central banks in advanced economies. Headline inflation had edged higher
						over recent months in several countries because of increases in fuel prices. Core inflation had declined
						in year-ended terms, but core services inflation generally remained high. Although inflation in the
						prices of services other than housing had likely passed its peak and demand in the services sector had
						started to ease, the overall disinflation process was viewed as likely to take some time.
The Israel-Hamas war had increased uncertainty about the global economic outlook. Members noted that the
						conflict could present an upside risk for global inflation if it were to lead to a disruption in energy
						supply from the region. Prices for liquified natural gas had already increased significantly following
						the shutdown of Israel’s Tamar gas field. Oil prices had been volatile since the beginning of the
						conflict but had not increased in a sustained way. Members also noted that the ongoing El Niño event
						presented an upside risk to global food price inflation.
Output growth had slowed in many advanced economies, in response to tighter monetary policy and
						cost-of-living pressures. But the slowing had been less than anticipated in some economies and labour
						markets remained tight; economic activity in the United States was particularly strong in the September
						quarter. Growth in G7 economies was expected to slow further in the coming year because of tighter
						financial conditions.
Members discussed the near-term outlook for Australia’s major trading partners. Output growth was
						expected to slow from 3½ per cent in 2023 to 3 per cent in 2024, well below the
						average growth rate in the decade prior to the pa