ndemic. This outlook was largely unchanged from the
						August meeting. Members observed that the economic outlook in China remained uncertain. The economy there
						had continued to recover in the September quarter, driven by activity in the services sector, but the
						level of GDP remained below the trend expected by many observers prior to the pandemic. Government
						stimulus had provided support to growth this year, particularly through the financing of infrastructure
						investment. However, the property sector remained very weak, which was expected to weigh on Chinese
						growth in the year ahead. Members considered the risk that fragility in the property sector might have a
						more pronounced adverse effect on the Chinese economy as a whole.
Domestic economic conditions
Turning to the domestic economy, members observed that inflation had continued to decline in year-ended
						terms in the September quarter. However, underlying inflation was stronger than expected a few months
						earlier and, on a quarterly basis, had picked up slightly. When considered with other information, the
						assessment of the staff was that higher inflation reflected demand pressures in the economy being
						stronger than had been expected. Stronger-than-expected inflation was evident for a broad range of
						services, reflecting a high level of domestic demand and continued pressure from the costs of both labour
						and domestic non-labour inputs (including factors such as rents, electricity and insurance). Housing rent
						inflation over the prior six months had been running at around 10 per cent in annualised terms,
						reflecting low vacancy rates and strong growth in population and aggregate income. Meanwhile, goods price
						inflation had eased further in the September quarter – largely in line with expectations –
						because of an easing in supply chain pressures and raw materials prices.
Members observed that a range of indicators of acti