vity over preceding months supported the conclusion
						that domestic demand pressures had been a little stronger than previously thought. Consequently, the
						outlook for output growth and inflation had been revised up over the forecast period, with the largest
						revisions being for the year ahead. Inflation was expected to decline at a more gradual pace than
						previously expected, because of the greater-than-expected persistence in services price inflation. As
						demand and cost pressures progressively ease, inflation was expected to decline to a little below
						3 per cent by the end of 2025.
Output growth was expected to remain below trend over 2023 and 2024, and GDP per capita was expected to
						decline over 2023. Inflation and high interest rates continued to weigh on demand, particularly via their
						effect on people’s real incomes and, consequently, growth in household consumption. Even so, the
						outlook for output growth had been revised up in the near term compared with the previous forecasts. This
						partly reflected stronger-than-expected population growth, which had been revised higher over successive
						prior quarters, and more strength in private and public investment than had previously been expected.
Members observed that subdued growth in consumption had persisted into the second half of 2023, based on a
						range of timely indicators. However, recent retail sales data suggested that spending had held up better
						than had been expected a few months earlier. Real household disposable income was expected to decline
						over 2023, reflecting the combined effects of high inflation and the rise in interest rates and tax
						payable. As these effects begin to fade during 2024, household consumption growth was forecast to pick
						up. Furthermore, housing prices had increased over the preceding nine months (regaining their April 2022
						peak) and this additional wealth was expected to provide some support t