nces had remained stable over the course of the year.
Members observed that longer term government bond yields in Australia had risen, partly reflecting an
						increase in inflation expectations, and that domestic long-term yields had moved above those in the
						United States. Short-term bond yields had also increased, along with market expectations for the cash
						rate, which had risen following the minutes of the October meeting and the higher-than-expected inflation
						data. Market pricing was consistent with participants ascribing around a two-thirds probability to a
						25 basis point increase in the cash rate in November, and some expectation of a further increase by
						mid-2024. The market economists monitored by the Bank were all expecting a 25 basis point increase
						in November, with a small minority expecting a further increase in December.
Considerations for monetary policy
In turning to the policy decision, members noted that underlying inflation had been more persistent over
						the prior few months than had previously been expected. High inflation was being underpinned by
						above-average price rises for a wide range of consumer goods and services. There was clear evidence
						– most notably for services price inflation, which was quite brisk – that this owed to
						domestically generated pressures associated with aggregate demand exceeding aggregate supply. This
						strength in demand was allowing firms to pass on higher costs for labour and non-labour inputs. Data
						released over prior months had also signalled that domestic demand had been more resilient than
						previously expected. This resilience in activity had occurred despite the increases in the cash rate over
						the prior 18 months progressively working their way through the economy. Members noted that the
						experience of other countries over prior months had been similar, and that international experience
						previously had been a useful guide t