at the upside surprise on population
						growth had added to both demand and supply; as a result, the net effects on inflation had been largely
						offsetting in aggregate but may have varied across sectors. Members also noted the staff’s response
						to the lessons learned from the previous year’s review, which included incorporating more signal
						from overseas developments, expanding the suite of alternative timely indicators and increasing the use
						of scenario analysis.
International financial markets
Central banks in advanced economies had left policy rates unchanged over the prior month. Most had
						communicated that policy rates were restrictive and that the full effect of cumulative policy tightening
						was still to be felt, given the lags with which policy affects the economy. Central banks had also
						continued to communicate that future decisions will depend on incoming data. While commentary from most
						central banks had focused on balancing upside risks to inflation with downside risks to output growth,
						inflation was still above central banks’ targets and most retained a monetary policy tightening
						bias.
Market participants’ expectations for the trajectory of policy rates had generally been little
						changed since the October meeting. The central expectation was that policy rates would be held at or near
						current levels until at least mid-2024, then gradually decline. Members noted that Australia was an
						exception.
Government bond yields in advanced economies had risen over preceding months. Most of the increase in
						longer term yields reflected higher real yields. While there had been a small increase in longer term
						market-implied inflation expectations, these remained consistent with inflation targets. Shorter term
						bond yields had generally been stable in the major advanced economies, reflecting expectations that
						policy rates would remain around current levels for an extended per