iod. In Japan, yields had risen after
						the Bank of Japan adjusted its yield curve control policies.
Members discussed possible reasons why real longer term bond yields in advanced economies had risen. One
						explanation was that market participants had increased their estimates of neutral interest rates in light
						of the resilience of economic activity and the persistence of inflation. Estimates of term premia had
						also risen and uncertainty over the future path of inflation and interest rates was likely to have
						contributed to this. The increase in term premia had occurred alongside expectations of rising government
						debt levels – especially in the United States – and as central banks reduced their asset
						holdings. Higher term premia implied a tightening in financial conditions independent of monetary policy.
						Members noted that the economic significance of this tightening was somewhat lower in Australia, given
						that bond markets are less important for corporate finance in Australia than in the United States.
Conditions in private funding markets had tightened over preceding months. Corporate bond yields had
						increased together with the rise in government bond yields and a modest widening of credit spreads.
						Equity prices in the United States and Europe had declined, in part owing to higher interest rates.
						Levels of these asset prices suggested that investors did not anticipate significant declines in
						corporate profits or a large rise in corporate defaults, despite significant increases in policy rates to
						levels judged to be restrictive.
In China, property developers remained under extreme stress. They had very limited access to funding from
						capital markets and banks had been hesitant to extend loans as defaults had risen. Stress in the property
						sector had been contained thus far, but there were ongoing concerns about possible spillovers to other
						parts of China’s financial secto